I paid you to carry me
Who asked you to find a wheelchair?
First of all, we agreed to take you out
I didn't say in what way
Besides, let me be your slave for 200 yuan
Nice thought
Let you be arrogant first
You will look good in a while
What is this place?
This is the most advanced art exhibition
Tonight as the best newcomer
There are also works on display here today
To be able to attend this kind of advanced exhibition
You're having fun
The feeling level is so-so
So-so
I think you are a wild boar and can't eat fine bran.
Never mind.
Why are you talking so much to a layman like you?
waste of time
Okay, okay, you're right, then I'll go
Come back to me quickly
Okay, okay, I won't talk about you, okay?
You quickly take me to find a kiss
Come on.
listen
Liu Xiong, did I say
Don't enter my office without permission
Please get out now
Hey Qingwan
I brought you a present
I don't need that gift to go out
go out
Aikumaru
I know you have always regarded Master Yun Mo as an idol
Hey, this painting is Master Yun Mo
I asked him for a big suggestion.
Are you sure you want to kick me out?
Master Yun Mo
Good night, please.
You know my heart for so many years
This painting
I went to great lengths.
I don't ask for anything
As long as you stay with me tonight and have a meal
Are picking up girls so cheap now?
You want to take people away with a look of destruction?